# CS-210 Project Three
# Summarize the project and what problem it was solving.
For this project I was tasked with creating a program to analyze a text file of items purchased for a given day for Corner Grocer. There was a total of four menu items I was instructed to implement for the user. I had to create a way for the user to search for the frequency of a specific item, show all item frequencies numbered, show all item frequencies represented with a "*" (histogram), and an exit function. The code I created takes the text file and sorts it to show the frequency of each item bought for the day and output to the user based on their menu option choice. This allows the store to see highly sold items versus items sold very little that day and adjust accordingly.
# What did you do particularly well?
I was able to use the map container to sort the text file and create frequencies. I also was able to use the map container to help me create the saved data file for frequency.dat that creates when the user opens the program. Since these were two crucial parts to the project, handling them well and getting my desired outcome was an important focus for me.
# Where could you enhance your code? How would these improvements make your code more efficient, secure, and so on?
One way I could have enhanced my code is by sorting the histogram by highest to lowest frequency items. This would have shown the user a more clear output to determine their best selling items. Another thing I could have done to enhance my code would be better input validation when searching for a specific item. Currently, it requires the initial capitalization for each word like the text document. The code also outputs a 0 for any item not on the list which can be misleading if the user forgot the capitalization. Having a non case sensitive code and input validation to tell the user when an item is not on the list instead of showing a 0 frequency would greatly enhance the code.
# Which pieces of the code did you find most challenging to write, and how did you overcome this? What tools or resources are you adding to your support network?
The most challenging for me was using the map container to create frequencies. Since it requires precise coding syntax I was tripped up slightly at first. In order to help me solve the initial confusion I used the zybooks section 11.4 on maps to help me create the initial mapping and to use some of the map functions like count() and at() which I used to search for specific item frequencies.
# What skills from this project will be particularly transferable to other projects or course work?
Being able to use classes with both private and public sections will be a strong skill to have for future projects since it allows me to control what things the user can and can't interact with. Being able to use maps can also be useful in future projects that might require storing information using key pairs allowing for efficient searching, much like how it did for this project.
# How did you make this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable?
I used in line comments throughout my program to allow myself or anyone else to understand what each part accomplishes. That helps to make it more maintainable since the logic can be easily followed. I also made a main function with very minimal code and used appropriate naming conventions so it is easily readable and adaptable to any future changes that might be needed.
